
 - in the beginning of Sect. 2 it would be useful to stress that K is
   an executable language, as this is an important feature

Well it is not executable, although the plan is (was) to make a subset executable.

 - (p5) it would be helpful to explain in more detail the status of
   constraints: how are they related to class invariants? Are
   quantifiers allowed? (yes, but that becomes only clear much later)
   In this context, it would be interesting to know what you do when
   Z3 fails to prove or disprove a verification condition.

Constraints are class invariants. However, since side effects are not allowed in
the current version of K, they simply become axioms on names defined in the signature
of a class.

Constraints can be expressed in predicate logic, including universal and existential
quantification.

Z3 can respond in 3 ways: 

  (1) it finds a model satisfying the constraints, meaning that the
      constraints are consistent. In this case Z3 returns with one of the 
      models satisfying the constraints.

  (2) The constraints are not consistent, and Z3 returns with the result NOTSAT.
      In addition, Z3 can identify which constraints possibly lead to the inconistency.

  (3) it cannot determine in reasonable time. It times out.

 - I was a little surprised that you seem to allow implementation
   overriding in K, but neither of the "Change" aspects (Sect. 3)
   addresses this issue. Shouldn't mechanisms such as behavioral
   subtyping come into play here? For example, in Sect. 3.2 you
   stipulate that functions are "pure" (don't change the state), which
   seems rather restrictive. This is not required, for example, in
   JML.

Not sure what to do here.

 - In addition to Dafny, it would be appropriate to mention the ABS
   (for: Abstract Behavioral Specification) language. It has been
   designed with analysis in mind and comes with a rich tool box (test
   generation, deadlock analysis, resource analysis, formal
   verification). See http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-25271-6_8
   and http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-40615-7_1

Ok.

 - In the paper you concentrate on correctness. Can you say something
   on non-functional properties (e.g., performance)? These should be
   very relevant for the intended application domain.

Not targeted by this work.

 - Another tool that keeps proofs, specs and programs in sync is
   described in http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-10181-1_4

Ok.

 - An important aspect of change is when the requirements or the
   specifications (e.g., the function contracts) change. This has a
   strong impact on verification, because potentially a large number
   of proof obligations need to be re-established. Recently, there was
   some research on this issue, see
   http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-45231-8_9

Ok, not sure what to do about it. Could reference that work.

 - Can you say what the state of the language/tool is? Is it used
   already? Do you plan a public release?

It is used by a small group of people at JPL for expressing requirements
and verify their consistency. The use is, however, still in evaluation mode.
It is public (via Chris Delp’s carpet bombing open source repository).

Some typos:

 - "Each properties" (p3)
 - "to a large extent ... sofar mostly" (p6)
 - "software software" (p6)
 - "was added a Monday" (p6)
 - "trivial" --> "easy" (p9)

---------------
